Set timezone london/UK


Set callback delay for custom
  1. based on updated at - 30m  - 11:30 - done
  2. from starting time add callback delay and from there you can start counting - 30m - 12:00 - done

Set callback delay for standard
  1. based on starting open hour - 30m - 12:30
  2. from starting time add callback delay and from there you can start counting - 30m - 1:00


Set callback length for custom - done
  1. This is based on call back length - 30m - 1:30

Set callback length for standard - done
  1. This is based on call back length - 30m - 2:00


Only only display time when time is not already passed based on call back length -
  1. check london timezone time - 20m - 2:20
  2. remove the lower time and only display the ahead time of call back lenght compared to london current time - 30m - 2:50

Apply break remove schedule for custom
  1. apply filter,  remove specific schedule that conflict with the break - 30m - 3:20

Apply break remove schedule for standard
  1. apply filter, remove specific schedule that conflict with the break - 30m - 3:50









Hi Sir,

Update for March 30, 2017

1. Standard data, don't allow override with custom if book time type is "book time of day"
2. Separate functions as helper from book phone call calendar
3. Ajax request  Get current day of the selected date
4. Get selected checked for morning, noon and evening in specific day to standard
5. check current uk time and get status morning, noon or evening then only display button the match the day status of uk time
6. Generate and Display ui for morning, noon, evening
7. If morning, afternoon, and evening is empty  then display, No Schedule Display
8. Fix ui display for morning, noon and evening

Todo Tomorrow
work with breaks, callback delay and length

Thanks



































Hi Rich

Update for 24, 2017

1. Set time zone uk/london
2. Set date start today1
3. filter date by standard details
4. filter date by custom and override standard dates by custom
5. allow set how many dayes will show for standard, so that client can book based on standard schedule
6. display 2months calendar with standard and custom status
7. when click specific date check data schedule information from custom database
8. If custom is not empty then display custom data
9. If custom is empty then display standard data

Please check now with the updates for custom, standard, snyc google calendar and book phone call integration, also i didn't touch the breaks in bookphone call since mj is coding it. please check all the update
and write what you notice for me. Thank you.


Regarding sync i disabled auto show popup for now because its anoying i need to find best way for this sooner, but for now
partner needs to click authenticate in order to sync the google calendar information.



Here is the detail for testing and i used testing account


1. bpc
   https://www.bookphonecall.com/?business=77514

2. custom
   https://testing.umbrellasupport.co.uk/custom-opening-hours/

3. standard
   https://testing.umbrellasupport.co.uk/phone-appointment-settings/

4. calendar sync
   https://testing.umbrellasupport.co.uk/google-calendar-settings/

5. admin settings
   https://testing.umbrellasupport.co.uk/wp-admin/admin.php?page=pbc-as-admin




Probably there are some issue in design that i missed, i will check in the weekend

Best regards,
Jesus























Hi Rich,

March 22, 2017

Book Phone Call Merge Codes Update: Check if custom settings is empty then call standard as date time value
Book Phone Call Merge Codes Update: Get standard settings
Book Phone Call Merge Codes Update: Get standard day based on query date
Book Phone Call Merge Codes Update: Get standard specific open_from and open_to based on standard settings results
Book Phone Call Merge Codes Update: If call back lenght is empty then set 15 mins default call back lenght
Book Phone Call Merge Codes Update: If call back delay is empty then set 15 mins default call back delay

Todo tomorrow

Need to ask my sister about his coding, where i can find some source files
Display the open and close date and merge code with standard and custom


Thanks